Add ArviZ Code of Conduct (#402)
arviz-devs/arviz: Code_of_Conduct.MD

# ArviZ Community Code of Conduct

> ArviZ is an affiliated project of NumFocus and adopts the NumFocus Code of Conduct directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ArviZ adopts the NumFOCUS Code of Conduct directly.
```

> ArviZ is an affiliated project of NumFocus and adopts the NumFocus Code of Conduct directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ArviZ adopts the NumFocus Code of Conduct directly.
```

> In other words ArviZ is a part of the NumFocus community and we expect our community to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other words, we expect our community to
```

> In other words ArviZ is a part of the NumFocus community and we expect our community to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In other words, we expect our community to
```

> treat others with kindness and understanding, just as they would in any other NumFOCUS project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
treat others with kindness and understanding.
```

> treat others with kindness and understanding, just as they would in any other NumFOCUS project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
treat others with kindness and understanding.
```

# THE SHORT VERSION  

> Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down others. Behave professionally. Remember that harassment and sexist, racist, or exclusionary jokes are not appropriate for NumFOCUS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down others. Behave professionally. Remember that harassment and sexist, racist, or exclusionary jokes are not appropriate.
```

> Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down others. Behave professionally. Remember that harassment and sexist, racist, or exclusionary jokes are not appropriate for NumFOCUS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be kind to others. Do not insult or put down others. Behave professionally. Remember that harassment and sexist, racist, or exclusionary jokes are not appropriate.
```

All communication should be appropriate for a professional audience including people of many different backgrounds. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate.

> NumFOCUS is dedicated to providing a harassment-free community for everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, and expression, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of community members in any form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are dedicated to providing a harassment-free community for everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, and expression, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of community members in any form.
```

> NumFOCUS is dedicated to providing a harassment-free community for everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, and expression, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of community members in any form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ArviZ is dedicated to providing a harassment-free community for everyone, regardless of gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, and expression, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate harassment of community members in any form.
```

Thank you for helping make this a welcoming, friendly community for all.

# How to Submit a Report
If you feel that there has been a Code of Conduct violation an anonymous reporting form is available.
**If you feel your safety is in jeopardy or the situation is an emergency, we urge you to contact local law enforcement before making a report to NumFOCUS. (In the U.S., dial 911.)**

> NumFOCUS is committed to promptly addressing any reported issues. If you have experienced or witnessed behavior that violates the NumFOCUS Code of Conduct, please complete the form below to make a report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are committed to promptly addressing any reported issues. If you have experienced or witnessed behavior that violates this Code of Conduct, please complete the form below to make a report.
```

> NumFOCUS is committed to promptly addressing any reported issues. If you have experienced or witnessed behavior that violates the NumFOCUS Code of Conduct, please complete the form below to make a report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are committed to promptly addressing any reported issues. If you have experienced or witnessed behavior that violates this Code of Conduct, please complete the form below to make a report.
```

**REPORTING FORM:** https://numfocus.typeform.com/to/ynjGdT

Reports are sent to the NumFOCUS Code of Conduct Enforcement Team (see below).

You can view the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service for TypeForm here.
The NumFOCUS Privacy Policy is here: https://www.numfocus.org/privacy-policy

# Full Code of Conduct

> The full text of the NumFocus/ArviZ Code of Conduct can be found on Numfocus's website  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full text of the NumFOCUS/ArviZ Code of Conduct can be found on NumFOCUS's website  
```

> The full text of the NumFocus/ArviZ Code of Conduct can be found on Numfocus's website  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full text of the NumFOCUS/ArviZ Code of Conduct can be found on NumFOCUS's website  
```
